Modify the record names to match the LNLS Naming System. (#11)
lnls-dig/ipmi-mgr-epics-ioc: PVList.md

Reviewer: IMHO, it would be good to give the document a proper title and a (very) brief description of why it exists. It should help anyone who reads it without knowing about it beforehand.

DIS=CO
AREA={IA}-{{01..20}RaBPM|20RaBPMTL}

> # MCH

Reviewer 2: Break these lines properly and explain them better

> ## $(AREA):$(DIS)-MCHBase:

Reviewer 2: Use a code block for the header, otherwise github's renderer interprets it as latex math

I'm not a huge fan of so much HTML in an MD file, but it *is* useful.

Author: > I'm not a huge fan of so much HTML in an MD file, but it is useful.

In this case, is it ok?

Reviewer 2: It is

```
AREA={IA}-{{01..20}RaBPM|20RaBPMTL} # Area = LNLS uTCA crates
DIS=CO  #Discipline = Control
```
# MCH
## `$(AREA):$(DIS)-MCHBase:`
<details>
<summary>sensors</summary>
    Temp_CPU{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_IO{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_Base1V2{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_Base1V5{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_Base1V8{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_Base2V5{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_Base3V3{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

>     Volt_Base12V{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

Reviewer 3: I think the "_" is not necessary in this case

    Curr{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
<br>
</details>
<details>
<summary>FRU</summary>
    Prs-Cte <br>
    MState-Cte <br>
    FruId-Cte <br>
    BoardManuf-Cte <br>
    BoardName-Cte <br>
    BoardSN-Cte <br>
    BoardPN-Cte <br>
    ProdManuf-Cte <br>
    ProdName-Cte <br>
    ProdSN-Cte <br>
    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>
<br>
</details>

## `$(AREA):$(DIS)-MCHClkSw:`
<details>
<summary>sensors</summary>
    Temp_DCDC{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_DCDC_Max{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_Mux{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_Mux_Max{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_3V3{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

>     Volt_12V{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

Reviewer 3: idem here

<br>
</details>
<details>
<summary>FRU</summary>
    Prs-Cte <br>
    MState-Cte <br>
    FruId-Cte <br>
    BoardManuf-Cte <br>
    BoardName-Cte <br>
    BoardSN-Cte <br>
    BoardPN-Cte <br>
    ProdManuf-Cte <br>
    ProdName-Cte <br>
    ProdSN-Cte <br>
    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>
<br>
</details>

## `$(AREA):$(DIS)-PciHub:`
<details>
<summary>sensors</summary>
    Temp_DCDC{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_DCDC_Max{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_Switch{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_Switch_Max{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_PCB{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_PCB_Max{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_0V9{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_0V9_Analog{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_1V8{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_3V3{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

>     Volt_12V{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

Reviewer 3: And here

<summary>FRU</summary>
    Prs-Cte <br>
    MState-Cte <br>
    FruId-Cte <br>
    BoardManuf-Cte <br>
    BoardName-Cte <br>
    BoardSN-Cte <br>
    BoardPN-Cte <br>
    ProdManuf-Cte <br>
    ProdName-Cte <br>
    ProdSN-Cte <br>
    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>
<br>
</details>

# Cooling Unit

## `$(AREA):$(DIS)-CU_{Top|Bot}:`
<details>
<summary>sensors</summary>
    Temp_LM75_1{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_LM75_2{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_3V3{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_12V{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt_12V_1{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    S_Fan_1{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    S_Fan_2{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    S_Fan_3{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    S_Fan_4{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    S_Fan_5{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    S_Fan_6{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
<br>
</details>
<details>
<summary>CU_Common</summary>
    AutoAdjust-Cte <br>
    FanLevel-SP <br>
    FanLevel-RB <br>
<br>
</details>
<details>
<summary>FRU</summary>
    Prs-Cte <br>
    MState-Cte <br>
    FruId-Cte <br>
    BoardManuf-Cte <br>
    BoardName-Cte <br>
    BoardSN-Cte <br>
    BoardPN-Cte <br>
    ProdManuf-Cte <br>
    ProdName-Cte <br>
    ProdSN-Cte <br>
    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>
    Pwr <br>
<br>
</details>

# AMC

> ## `$(AREA):$(DIS)-AMC_{1,3..12}:`

Reviewer 3: I think we can use the index here: `AMC-{1,3..12}:` instead of `AMC_{1,3..12}:`

<details>
<summary>sensors</summary>
    {Volt|Curr}_FMC{1|2}_12V{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    {Volt|Curr}_FMC{1|2}_VADJ{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    {Volt|Curr}_FMC{1|2}_3V3{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_FPGA{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_UC{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_ClkSwitch{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Temp_DCDC{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

>     Temp_RAM{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

Reviewer 3: We can use the "_" only when we have a misunderstanding case, for example for numbers, FMC1_12V... if it is not the case, we can avoid using it. Anyway, for this case, we can also use 
`FMC{1|2}{Volt|Curr}12V{-Mon|Prs-Cte}`

```

> AREA={IA}-{{01..20}RaBPM|20RaBPMTL} # Area = LNLS uTCA crates

Reviewer: Why is `IA` embraced (`{}`)? Is that because of their friends, `DE`velopment racks?

Author: Yeah, I initially thought of having DE in the PV list names, but I change my mind because the DE racks are for development only. Nice catch

    MState-Cte <br>
    FruId-Cte <br>
    BoardManuf-Cte <br>
    BoardName-Cte <br>
    BoardSN-Cte <br>
    BoardPN-Cte <br>
    ProdManuf-Cte <br>
    ProdName-Cte <br>
    ProdSN-Cte <br>
    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>
<br>
</details>

## `$(AREA):$(DIS)-RtmCpu:`
<details>
<summary>sensors</summary>
    TempPCB{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempPCBMax{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempDCDC{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempDCDCMax{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempComExCPU{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempComExPCH{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempComExDDR{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt1V0{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt1V8{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt3V3{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt5V{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltVBAT{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt12VInt{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
<br>
</details>
<details>
<summary>FRU</summary>
    Prs-Cte <br>
    MState-Cte <br>
    FruId-Cte <br>
    BoardManuf-Cte <br>
    BoardName-Cte <br>
    BoardSN-Cte <br>
    BoardPN-Cte <br>
    ProdManuf-Cte <br>
    ProdName-Cte <br>
    ProdSN-Cte <br>
    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>
<br>
</details>

# Cooling Unit

## `$(AREA):$(DIS)-CU_{Top|Bot}:`
<details>
<summary>sensors</summary>
    LM75Temp1{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

>     LM75Temp2{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

Reviewer: Why doesn't `Temp`erature go before `LM75`, similarly to `Volt`age and `S`peed?

Author: The idea was not having to use `_` or other separation symbols to split the numbers of `LM75` and the sensor index. I don't now if it's the best choice, but in my understanding, it matches [this convention.](https://github.com/lnls-dig/ipmi-mgr-epics-ioc/pull/11#issuecomment-2322586916)

Reviewer: > The idea was not having to use _ or other separation symbols to split the numbers of LM75 and the sensor index.

I see.

> I don't now if it's the best choice, but in my understanding, it matches [this convention](https://github.com/lnls-dig/ipmi-mgr-epics-ioc/pull/11#issuecomment-2322586916)

Indeed. If you all find this fine, let's stick with it. Just pointing this out, as it most sensors do not follow that convention, making LM75 names not easy to predict.

    Volt3V3{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt12V{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt12V_1{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    SFan1{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    SFan2{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    SFan3{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    SFan4{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    SFan5{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    SFan6{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
<br>
</details>
<summary>FRU</summary>
    Prs-Cte <br>
    MState-Cte <br>
    FruId-Cte <br>
    BoardManuf-Cte <br>
    BoardName-Cte <br>
    BoardSN-Cte <br>
    BoardPN-Cte <br>
    ProdManuf-Cte <br>
    ProdName-Cte <br>
    ProdSN-Cte <br>
    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>
    Pwr <br>
<br>

> </details>

Reviewer: Missing `<details>` opening tag here.

    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>

>     Pwr <br>

Reviewer: Isn't this missing a standard suffix?

Author: Yes, thanks! It's defined as an `-Mon`.

https://github.com/lnls-dig/ipmi-mgr-epics-ioc/blob/ef8403fd679da8e7df936fabf8773f054d031fd4/ipmiMgrApp/Db/power_mngr.template#L1

<details>
<summary>sensors</summary>
    TempDCDC{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempPath{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempCooler{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempTrafo{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltMP{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltSMP{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltSMPP{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltPP{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt12VHHV{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrSum{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh01{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh02{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh03{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh04{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh05{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh06{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh07{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh08{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh09{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh10{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh11{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh12{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh13{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh14{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh15{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

>     CurrCh16{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>

Reviewer: These seem inconsistent with [forwarding aliases created][1]:

```
alias("$(AREA)$(DIS)PM-2:Curr_Ch$(power_channel)-Mon", "$(AREA)$(DIS)$(dev):Pwr-Mon")
```

[1]: https://github.com/lnls-dig/ipmi-mgr-epics-ioc/pull/11/files#diff-48dd83d00a88130deacd7bbc44f54cf56d3b6db3a41584dd19accd6c1b179fad

# IPMI Manager Process Variables naming list

> This document have the purpose of making easier to understand the substitution
> tree on this IOC and to check if the [LNLS's naming convention](https://wiki-sirius.lnls.br/mediawiki/index.php/Machine:Naming_System)
> of is being followed. It is also useful for any user to check what PVs are
> available.
> Each new record created or aliased from the ipmiComm module must be documented
> here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document has the purpose of making it easier to understand the PV
substitution tree in this IOC and to follow LNLS's naming convention. It is
also useful for any user to check which PVs are available.

Each new record created, or aliased from the ipmiComm module, must be
documented here.
```

I'd remove the link to wiki Sirius because it is not available in the Internet.

Hint: when writing this in your (neo)vim, select the text with `Shift+v` and format it with `gq`. This will hard-wrap the text for you following the maximum column size. With a good language server support, you should be able to do this with code as well.

Author: > I'd remove the link to wiki Sirius because it is not available in the Internet.
Nice catch. I'll also remove it from the commit message, thanks!

```
AREA=IA-{{01..20}RaBPM|20RaBPMTL} # Area = LNLS uTCA crates
DIS=CO  #Discipline = Control
```

> # MCH

Reviewer: You should increase the header level of all following headers by one, so that the title becomes semantically the top-level header.

# IPMI Manager Process Variables naming list

This document has the purpose of making easier to understand the PV
substitution tree in this IOC and to follow LNLS's naming convention. It is

> also useful for any user to check which PVs are available.

Reviewer 2: "making it easier"

"and to ensure that it follows LNLS's ..."

Each new record created, or aliased from the ipmiComm module, must be
documented here.

```
AREA=IA-{{01..20}RaBPM|20RaBPMTL} # Area = LNLS uTCA crates
DIS=CO  #Discipline = Control
```

> ## MCH

Reviewer 2: Please include a newline  between the code block and the header.

Nit: space between `#` and `Discipline`

> ## MCH
> ### `$(AREA):$(DIS)-MCH_Base:`
> <details>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## MCH

### `$(AREA):$(DIS)-MCH_Base:`

<details>
```

Reminder that Markdown can also be read raw, so whitespace is a helpful addition. Please fix it in other spots as well

<summary>sensors</summary>
    TempCPU{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempIO{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltBase1V2{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltBase1V5{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltBase1V8{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltBase2V5{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltBase3V3{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltBase12V{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrBase{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
<br>

> </details>
> <details>

Reviewer 2: newlines in such cases as well

```suggestion
</details>

<details>
```

    TempDCDC{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempPath{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempCooler{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempTrafo{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltMP{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltSMP{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltSMPP{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    VoltPP{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    Volt12VHHV{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrSum{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh01{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh02{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh03{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh04{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh05{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh06{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh07{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh08{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh09{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh10{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh11{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh12{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh13{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh14{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh15{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    CurrCh16{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
<br>
</details>
<details>
<summary>FRU</summary>
    Status-Cte <br>
    FruId-Cte <br>
    BoardManuf-Cte <br>
    BoardName-Cte <br>
    BoardSN-Cte <br>
    BoardPN-Cte <br>
    ProdManuf-Cte <br>
    ProdName-Cte <br>
    ProdSN-Cte <br>
    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>
    SoftRst-Cmd <br>
    SoftRstSts-Mon <br>
<br>
</details>

## AMC

> ### `$(AREA):$(DIS)-AMC-{1,3..12}:`

Reviewer 2: Add a small line of text here after the header explaining these are AFCv3.1. And about the AFCv4 below.

    TempDCDC{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempRAM{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
<br>
</details>
<details>
<summary>FRU</summary>
    Status-Cte <br>
    FruId-Cte <br>
    BoardManuf-Cte <br>
    BoardName-Cte <br>
    BoardSN-Cte <br>
    BoardPN-Cte <br>
    ProdManuf-Cte <br>
    ProdName-Cte <br>
    ProdSN-Cte <br>
    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>
    Pwr-Mon <br>
    SoftRst-Cmd <br>
    SoftRstSts-Mon <br>
<br>
</details>

### `$(AREA):$(DIS)-AMC-2:`
<details>
<summary>sensors</summary>
    AMC{Volt|Curr}12V{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    RTM{Volt|Curr}12V{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    FMC{1|2}{Volt|Curr}VADJ{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    FMC{1|2}{Volt|Curr}3V3{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempFPGA{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempUC{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempClkSwitch{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempDCDC{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
    TempRAM{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
<br>
</details>
<details>
<summary>FRU</summary>
    Status-Cte <br>
    FruId-Cte <br>
    BoardManuf-Cte <br>
    BoardName-Cte <br>
    BoardSN-Cte <br>
    BoardPN-Cte <br>
    ProdManuf-Cte <br>
    ProdName-Cte <br>
    ProdSN-Cte <br>
    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>
    Pwr-Mon <br>
    SoftRst-Cmd <br>
    SoftRstSts-Mon <br>
<br>
</details>

## RTM

> ### `$(AREA):$(DIS)-RTM_8SFP:`

Reviewer 2: Mention this is the RTM connected to slot 1

<details>
<summary>sensors</summary>
   TempRTM1{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
   TempRTM2{-Mon|Prs-Cte} <br>
<br>
</details>
<details>
<summary>FRU</summary>
    Status-Cte <br>
    FruId-Cte <br>
    BoardManuf-Cte <br>
    BoardName-Cte <br>
    BoardSN-Cte <br>
    BoardPN-Cte <br>
    ProdManuf-Cte <br>
    ProdName-Cte <br>
    ProdSN-Cte <br>
    ProdPN-Cte <br>
    PowerCtl-Sel <br>
    SoftRst-Cmd <br>
    SoftRstSts-Mon <br>
<br>
</details>

> ### `$(AREA):$(DIS)-RTM_LAMP:`

Reviewer 2: And slot 2
